Edit MongoDB Atlas trust policy instructions (#68104)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enroll-resources/database-access/enrollment/managed/mongodb-atlas.mdx

### Create a MongoDB IAM role

1. Navigate to the [AWS IAM console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/). 

1. In the navigation pane, choose **Roles** and then choose **Create role**.
   
1. Select the "Custom trust policy" type. 

> 1. Edit the trust policy to allow the Teleport Database service IAM role to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the trust policy to allow the Teleport Database Service IAM role to
```

>    assume this role so that the Teleport can fetch the necessary credentials to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   assume this role so that the Database Service can fetch the necessary credentials to
```
